Fix assets conversion bug. Add running with docker docs (#1767)
SFTtech/openage: doc/build_instructions/ubuntu.md

You will also need [nyan](https://github.com/SFTtech/nyan/blob/master/doc/building.md) and its dependencies.

> Notes:
> - The project requires at least **Cython 3.0.10** for successful compilation.
>   Using an older version may result in runtime errors!
> 
> # Additional steps for Ubuntu 22.04 LTS
> 
> The available system version of Cython is too old in Ubuntu 22.04. You have to get the correct version

Reviewer: Adding installation instructions would be nice, but I think we can just merge this paragraph with the section below.

```suggestion
# Additional steps for Ubuntu 22.04 LTS & 24.04 LTS

The available system version of Cython is too old in Ubuntu 22.04 & 22.04. You have to get the correct version
```

Author: Fixed
